'''Lemmatize testing'''
import nltk
from nltk.corpus import stopwords
from nltk.tokenize import word_tokenize
from nltk.stem import WordNetLemmatizer
def answer_questions():
 # Preprocess FAQ data
 faq_data = {
 "web application ": "This web application is designed to help 
you learn about investing, regardless of your experience level. We 
offer educational lessons, interactive games, and a fun way to build 
your financial knowledge.",
 "cost": "The web application is free to use! You can access a 
wide range of learning materials and games without any cost. We may 
offer optional features in the future.", 
 "pay": "The web application is free to use! You can access a 
wide range of learning materials and games without any cost. We may 
offer optional features in the future.", 
 "lesson structure": "Our lessons are organized by difficulty 
level (beginner, intermediate, advanced). Each lesson covers a 
specific investment topic and includes clear explanations, examples, 
and key takeaways.", 
 "revisit": "Yes, you can replay any game as many times as you 
like. This is a great way to practice and improve your understanding 
of investment concepts.", 
 "compatible": "The web application is compatible with most 
popular web browsers (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Safari).", 
 "internet": "An internet connection is required to access all 
features of the web application.", 
 "support": "We're here to help! You can contact our support team
through the web application's built-in messaging system or by emailing
us at support@investsaga.com.", 
 "help": "We're here to help! You can contact our support team 
through the web application's built-in messaging system or by emailing
us at support@investsaga.com." 
 }
 stop_words = set(stopwords.words('english'))
 lemmatizer = WordNetLemmatizer()
 while True:
 print("\nHi there! How can I help you today?")
 question = input("Enter your question: ")
 if(question == ""):
 print("\nThank you! Have a good day!")
 break;
 
 # Preprocess user question (lowercase, remove stopwords, and 
lemmatize)
 processed_question = [lemmatizer.lemmatize(word.lower()) for word 
in word_tokenize(question) if word not in stop_words]
 # Find the best matching FAQ entry
 found_match = False
 for keyword, answer in faq_data.items():
 # Lemmatize keyword for better matching
 lemmatized_keyword = [lemmatizer.lemmatize(key) for key in
keyword.split()]
 # Check for any keyword match
 for key in lemmatized_keyword:
 if key in processed_question:
 found_match = True
 best_match = answer
 break # Exit inner loop if a match is found
 # Exit outer loop if a match is found already
 if found_match:
 break
 # Display answer
 if found_match:
 print(best_match)
 else:
 print("Sorry, I couldn't find an answer to your question. Try 
rephrasing or asking something else.")
answer_questions()
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: What is this web application about?
This web application is designed to help you learn about investing, 
regardless of your experience level. We offer educational lessons, 
interactive games, and a fun way to build your financial knowledge.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Is there any costs associated with it?
The web application is free to use! You can access a wide range of 
learning materials and games without any cost. We may offer optional 
features in the future.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Do I need to pay for anything in this?
The web application is free to use! You can access a wide range of 
learning materials and games without any cost. We may offer optional 
features in the future.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: What sort of lesson structures are organized?
Our lessons are organized by difficulty level (beginner, intermediate,
advanced). Each lesson covers a specific investment topic and includes
clear explanations, examples, and key takeaways.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Can I revisit the games?
Yes, you can replay any game as many times as you like. This is a 
great way to practice and improve your understanding of investment 
concepts.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Is this compatible with my browser (Firefox)?
The web application is compatible with most popular web browsers 
(e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Safari).
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Will I require internet connectivity for this?
An internet connection is required to access all features of the web 
application.
Hi there! How can I help you today?
Enter your question: Whom should I contact for support?
We're here to help! You can contact our support team through the web 
application's built-in messaging system or by emailing us at 
support@investsaga.com.
Hi there! How can I help you today?